Docs: Drawer component (#27267)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-ui/src/components/Drawer/Drawer.mdx

import { Meta, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Drawer } from './Drawer';

<Meta title="MDX|Drawer" component={Drawer} />

# Drawer
### When to use

> The Drawer component is a slide in overlay that can be used to display information without
> hiding content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drawer is a slide in overlay that can be used to display additional information without hiding the main page content. It is usually anchored to the left or right edge of the screen.

```

> One example of the Drawer in use is in Grafanas [panel inspector](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels/inspect-panel/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One example of the Drawer in use is in Grafana's [panel inspector](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels/inspect-panel/).
```
